[DOC] Update documentation for CopperApps (#14)
Coppernic/coppernic.github.io: quickstart.md

If there is no `CpcSystemServices` or `CoreServices`, then Coppernic's samples will not work as expected.

These applications are available on [CopperApps](copperapps.md).

> Once service is installed, [samples](https://github.com/Coppernic) can work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once Services app is installed, [samples](https://github.com/Coppernic) can work.
```

> If there is no `CpcSystemServices` or `CoreServices`, then Coppernic's samples will not work as expected.

Reviewer: Je pense qu'on parle ici de System Services et Core Services, j'ai bon ?

Author: oui, tu as bon
